She was highly involved in Soviet Jews. There was a group called the Women's 35 Group, which was run out of London.
In the early 70s, that was a time when communism was starting to break down in Russia,
and there was a group of Jewish people, they became much more active in their Jewishness, in their Jewish activities.
They applied to leave to Russia, and immediately, as soon as they applied to leave Russia,
they lost their Russian status, citizenship, and everything, and they were called refuseniks.
I remember working in the house, and there were various families who were in touch with us.
There was a family called Vladimir Slepak, I remember, and we actually met him at a later stage.
And my mother used to have telephone conversations, which were all recorded on, nothing sophisticated,
your digital recording equipment, but an old-fashioned tape recorder, and they used to have conversations,
and I remember it going all of a sudden halfway through the conversation, if you'd mentioned a word,
the telephone would be cut off, and it'd be clicked, and you'd hear the click on the telephone,
and also the clickers when it was being listened to, and lots of things were done in code.
She organised lots of demonstrations.
I remember as a child that there used to be a race around Britain, a cycle race called the Milk Race,
where cyclists used to ride around Britain, and there was always a Russian contingent on that.
And I remember as a child, a friend of mine called Simon Cohen, and we had a banner,
which was a huge banner, which was about two foot tall, which was concertinaed, and I kept it at my side.
I walked, and Simon and I walked to the front of the race, literally as the race was about to begin,
and Simon's an end, and I just walked across, and we actually held a banner across the race,
which we made all over the newspaper headlines, we stopped the race for five minutes, and it said,
Free Soviet Jury.
Another famous story is that Stephen Hamilton's father, Leslie, was a doctor for Cardiff City Football Club.
Cardiff City Football Club was a very successful club in the late 70s, and they had a match once in the,
I think it was the Cup Winners Cup, as it was called there, against a team called Dynamo Tbilisi.
Stephen's father, Leslie, was a doctor for Cardiff City Football Club.
When they went over there, they took over two team kits.
They were two team bags, or two boxes of team, and they had, my late mother had been in touch with two brothers,
I cannot remember their name, brothers who were in Tbilisi, and they smuggled in the second kit bag,
it was full of jeans and contraband goods.
The Cardiff City Football Team, I suppose I should be saying this, but they ended up in taking part in these activities,
and when Leslie got to Russia, he handed over these goods, and because in those days,
one of the best forms of currency was actually denim jeans, and they were able to convert that into money,
and they smuggled it over, I remember to this day, I can't remember the brothers' names, they got it, and they were so thankful about it.
I actually followed my late mother's footsteps, and I also became very much involved in Soviet Jury,
and even when I was 18, 19 here, I disrupted many a conference to the extent that there was a conference,
there was the Moscow State Ballet performed at Dominion Theatre in Tottenham Court Road,
and I, with a group of friends, we disrupted the concert, we were on the stage, it was actually broadcast live on BBC Radio,
and my parents were there, I was engaged, my wife wasn't married, no mobile telephones, my mother was, and it was a broad,
it was at 9 o'clock, the news was interrupted, the 9 o'clock news was interrupted to say there had just been a protest at the Moscow State Ballet,
and there had been a protest by the youngsters of the Soviet Jury, and two protestors had been arrested, and two protestors were hospitalized,
and my mother didn't know which, and she said, I'm sure Adrian's one, I just hope he's not either arrested or in hospital,
I was actually hospitalized because I was knocked unconscious by the KGB that night for my troubles,
so that was my trouble, I followed my mother's, my late mother's footsteps, I'm proud to say,
and there were various other demonstrations we organized in Cardiff and various other activities for, so she was very much involved.